Add steps for creating a changelog fragment. (#10)
input-output-hk/ouroboros-consensus: docs/ReleaseProcess.md

found that downgrading `setuptools` to a version `< 66` seems to solve this
problem.

# Adding a changelog fragment

When a given branch contains a change that deserves a changelog entry, you
should add a changelog
[fragment](https://scriv.readthedocs.io/en/stable/concepts.html#fragments). When
we [cut a release](#cutting-a-release) the changelog fragments will be merged
into a changelog update. To add a changelog fragment, use `scriv`. See [this
section](#installing-scriv) for instructions on how to install it.

1. Run `scriv create` on the directory of the package you want to create an

>    entry for (eg `ouroboros-consensus` or `ouroboros-consensus-cardano`). This

Reviewer: Every package is symlinked (is this true for `tutorials` too?) So running `scriv` in `ouroboros-consensus-test` will put the entry in `ouroboros-consensus/changelog.d`. This is so that in each bundle, no matter which package you have modified, `scriv create` will create it in the right place

Author: What about this https://github.com/input-output-hk/ouroboros-consensus/pull/10/commits/d1249fe4ffed33096f7bffa2636dfea002521511

   will create a new file inside the `changelog.d` sub-directory of the package.

> 2. Edit the newly created file by uncomenting and filling in the appropreate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit the newly created file by uncommenting and filling in the appropriate
```
